Answer the following questions:


1.) What is an instance variable?
An instance variable is a type of variable that is non-static and is available independently per object of a class.
Example: objects 1 and 2 have an instance variable color but each object has a different value set (blue and orange, respectively).

2.) How do you create an object of a class Vehicle?
Vehicle myVehicle = new Vehicle();

3.) What is a reference variable? How is it different from a primitive type?

4.) What does it mean to pass by reference?

5.) What makes up a method signature?

6.) Write a method signature for a method divide() that takes two ints as parameters and returns a double.

7.) When does a method stop executing? How can you make it terminate?

8.) How do you return a String from a method?
String method1(){return "potato";}

9.) What is the return type of a method that does not returns any value?
void

10.) When should a method be static?
When the method does not interact with any of the member variables in the class. Also reduces footprint of the code.

11.) What is an example of a time you would make an instance variable static? final?
Static: when you want to keep track of the total number of objects of that class created.
Final:

12.) When a method returns a value, what needs to be done with that value?

13.) What is method overloading?

14.) Demonstrate method overloading by writing the method signature of two overloaded methods.

14.) What are constructors used for?
To set intial values for members of a class (and set aside memory blocks for data structures).

15.) If a class does not have a constructor, how does Java handle the creation of an object
It creates a default constructor.

16.) What does a constructor that takes in two variable, make and model, for a class Vehicle look like?
Vehicle(String make, String model){this.make = make; this.model = model;}

17.) What is the "this" keyword used for?
Accessing the most immediate class "above" that the code is within scope of

18.) What are the keywords public, private, protected used for in a class declaration? A method declaration? Variable declaration?

19.) What is constructor overloading?

20.) Demonstrate constructor overloading with three overloaded constructors.

